Add authenticated rotation endpoints documentation (#1622)
openbao/openbao: website/content/api-docs/system/rotate/index.mdx

---

> sidebar_label: Overview

Reviewer: Oh, I see, `rotate/index.mdx` and `rotate.mdx` are the same path, so the redirect fails. I'd remove it for this path, pointing it at the index is probably OK.

description: >- 
  The '/sys/rotate' endpoints are used to rotate unseal, root, backend encryption keys.
---

# `/sys/rotate`

### Encryption key rotation

The `/sys/rotate/keyring` endpoint is used to rotate the encryption key. It is
also possible to configure automatic encryption key rotation using
`/sys/rotate/keyring/config` endpoint.

### Rotate unseal/recovery keys

> The `/sys/rotate/root` endpoints are used to rotate the unseal keys for OpenBao.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/sys/rotate/root` endpoints are used to rotate the root key for OpenBao
and the unseal key shares when using Shamir's manual unseal mechanism.
```

Reviewer: Note that there's always the root key even with Shamir's; Shamir's combined secret encrypts the root key, just like with an auto-unseal mechanism.

On seals that support stored keys (e.g. HSM PKCS#11), the recovery key share(s)
can be provided to rotate the root key since no unseal keys are available. The
secret shares, secret threshold, and stored shares parameters must be set to 1.
Upon successful rotation, no split unseal key shares are returned.

The `/sys/rotate/recovery` endpoints are used to rotate the recovery keys for
OpenBao. These endpoints only apply to seals that support recovery keys.

Depending on the variable in the request path (`root` or `recovery`) 
operation is performed for the root or recovery keys.

### Progress rotation

`/sys/rotate/(root|recovery)/update` endpoint is used to enter a single
key share to progress the rotation of the OpenBao. If the threshold number
of key shares is reached, OpenBao will complete the rotation.

### Rotation verification
`/sys/rotate/(root|recovery)/backup` endpoint reads the configuration and
progress of the current rotation verification attempt.

### Backup rotated keys

> `/sys/rotate/(root|recovery)/backup` endpoint returns the backup copy of

Reviewer: @suprjinx Not sure I understand your question?

> `/sys/rotate/(root|recovery)/backup` endpoint returns the backup copy of

Reviewer: Ahhhhh I see. Thanks :-)

> `/sys/rotate/(root|recovery)/backup` endpoint returns the backup copy of

Author: fixed, thanks!
